README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

- update the readme file with the summary of the task.

README.md, after:

Summary:-

1. First i read the assignment docs and i understood the requirements.

2. Then i checked the google keep to see the functionalities and i understood the basics of it.

3. Then i started the project with the tech stack of nextjs, tailwindcss, daisyui, zod, prisma, react-hot-toast, lucide-react.

4. For the first development i used the daisy ui components and the zod schema to validate the data.

5. For the backend storage of notes i used prisma and neonDb to store the data as i have not worked with google cloud.

6. For every error or success of a functionality will be notified by the react-hot-toast.

7. For the pagination of the note i tried multiple things but learned about searchParams in the next js and used it to communicate between pagination component and the main page.

8. I have also implemented dark moe and light mode with the toggle using the remote state management(context api of react).

9. For Icons on the page i used the lucide-react with the daisy ui loading spinner.

10. When clicked ont the note, the modal will be opened and the user can update, delete or pin the note.

- For the things i don't know or haven't tried i got help from the chatgpt and claude ai.

- Thanks for giving me a chance to learn and grow!
